Stacy I hope everyone's having a great
day today I wanted to come on here and
do a review for you guys this is
something that I received in the mail
for review I'm not paid to talk about it
it's just a product that I received to
review as a blogger and what it is is
from the Christie Brinkley line and this
is called Christie Brinkley authentic
skincare
I know Christie Brinkley had recently
come out with a line of skincare and of
course a lot of celebrities that we all
look up to and idolize for their beauty
have come out with different lines and
this is a particular one that sounds
quite interesting and this particular
product is the close-up what they call
this is their instant wrinkle reducer
and treatment um it just comes in a tiny
little tube like this and so what you do
is you use this product on your skin use
that on clean dry skin you massage it
into the skin then you pat it and voila
in two minutes time you're supposed to
have kind of like an instant tightening
effect in the area that you've applied
it it's supposed to reduce puffiness
under the eyes I'm supposed to tighten
your skin and just kind of give you a
more youthful appearance so I will show
you what it is and I am gonna put up
before and after pictures I've only used
this product twice but I feel like I can
review it in the sense that it's
supposed to be an instant product that
gives you that instant look so obviously
either it did or it didn't here's how
the product works you just open the tube
you just squeeze a small amount onto
your finger tip your ring finger of
course and then you apply it in a
circular motion to the area that you're
going to use it and we're gonna use it
here around my eyes just to kind of show
you guys like a little sample here so I
apply it in a circular motion around my
eyes kind of just going around a couple
times and then what you do is you Pat it
into the area like so
and I'm just making sure that I'm
covering that entire under-eye and kind
of outer eye area where the wrinkles are
and so what you do is you let it dry and
you can kind of feel maybe a very very
very slight tingling kind of a feeling
and then as it dries you kind of feel it
tightening a little bit and so you guys
will be the judge for yourself
I do have before-and-after pictures
which I'm going to insert here and these
pictures were taken just like probably
like between two minutes and five
minutes by the time I got all the
pictures done from the before two afters
of the three different areas I did apply
it under both of my eyes I applied it to
this one put a forehead line that I have
up here that's kind of more of one of
those permanent forehead lines that I
have and I did apply it around my mouth
here to the upper lip area you guys know
for sure that the upper lip vertical lip
lines are one of my just most awful
areas that I just hate hate hate so
anyway you'll see my before and after
pictures you can judge for yourself
whether or not it worked I will tell you
it works and that's why I'm so confident
to review this after just using it two
times because of the fact that it's an
instant product and did it work
instantly yes it did work instantly the
area around my eyes was definitely more
smooth after I used it the forehead
wrinkle that I had going on was
basically not there anymore the lines
above my lips were a little more
questionable because yes there was a
slight difference it wasn't any kind of
great great difference so this is one of
those types of products that you want to
use you know like when you're going out
you know either maybe you're having
pictures taken or something and you
don't want your wrinkles to show as much
I have used it with and without makeup
my makeup applied just fine when I had
it on I went ahead and put moisturizer
under my eyes first let that absorb in
and then put the product on my eyes so I
did use it today on both eyes and then
there I just got a little extra on the
one eye so you guys will see my before
and after pictures to be able to judge
for yourself whether or not it works I
thought I'd just read a couple of the
ingredients on here to you because
that's a pretty important factor and
aside
whether or not you want to purchase a
product so what it says here is that
close up wrinkle reducer treatment
complex combines four bioactive
ingredients into one unique system
fighting the signs of aging skin and all
levels while providing full-spectrum UVA
UVB and infrared protection so there is
some good skincare benefits to the
product as well
so anyway decide for yourself do your
research let me know what you think and
I will see you all again soon thanks so
much for watching